Update `create DID` wiki page (#986)
iotaledger/identity.rs: documentation/docs/concepts/decentralized_identifiers/create.mdx

:::

<CodeSnippet
    nodeReplitLink="https://repl.it/@IOTAFoundation/Create-DID-07?lite=true"
    rustContent={createDidRustExample}
    nodeGithubLink = "https://github.com/iotaledger/identity.rs/blob/dev/bindings/wasm/examples-account/src/create_did.ts"
    rustGithubLink = "https://github.com/iotaledger/identity.rs/blob/dev/identity_stardust/examples/ex0_create_did.rs"
/>

> This examples creates a new address with funds using the faucet on the testnet. Next, it creates a new DID Document with a verification method. This DID Document is then published in an Alias Output making the DID available in the ledger state and can be resolved by any node.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This examples creates a new address with funds using the faucet on the testnet. Next, it creates a new DID Document with a verification method. This DID Document is then published in an Alias Output making the DID available in the ledger state and resolvable by any node.
```

Note that using the faucet is only possible on the testnet. Once the Stardust update is released on the Shimmer network or the IOTA network, an output with funds is required to create a new Alias Output that represents a DID.

> Updating the identity is possible, which will be discussed in the next section, but all previous states of the DID Document will still be stored in permanodes and any third party recording the network activity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Updating the identity is also possible, which will be discussed in the next section, but all previous states of the DID Document will still be stored in permanodes and can be read by any third party recording the network activity.
```

Author: What is meant here is that a third party can store the transactions of the network, but it's not necessarily a permanode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Updating the identity is also possible, which will be discussed in the next section, but all previous states of the DID Document will still be stored in permanodes or any third party recording the network activity.
```

Reviewer: Makes sense, updated the suggestion accordingly.

### Identity Generation Process

In order to create a Alias Output, an existing output is required to make a transaction. For that a new Address is generated and a Basic Output controlled by this address is created using the faucet.

> A DID Document is then created which includes one verification method. By now the DID itself is unknown since the Alias Output is not published yet and didn't get an `Alias ID` assigned. For that a placeholder `did:stardust:0x0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000` is used to reference the DID inside the document.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A DID Document is then created which includes one verification method. At this point the DID itself is unknown since the Alias Output is not published yet and didn't get an `Alias ID` assigned. For that a placeholder `did:stardust:0x0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000` is used to reference the DID inside the document.
```

> An Alias Output is created which contains an encoded version of the DID Document in its `State Metadata` and has the state controller and the governor set to the generated Ed25519 address. Note that controllers don't have to be Ed25519 addresses, they can be any type of output. However, they must be unlocked in order perform a state or governance transition when the DID Document is updated or destroyed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An Alias Output is created which contains an encoded version of the DID Document in its `State Metadata` and has the state controller and the governor set to the generated Ed25519 address. Note that controllers doesn't have to be a Ed25519 addresses, they can be any type of output. However, they must be unlocked in order perform a state or governance transition when the DID Document is updated or destroyed.
```

Author: Grammar is not correct here, since `controllers` and `addresses` are plural.

Reviewer: you are right, disregard the suggestion.

> The byte cost for the document is then automatically calculated and a new transaction is published that includes the Basic Output as input and the newly generated Alias output as output as well as a Basic Output which contains the rest of IOTA coins.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The byte cost for the document is then automatically calculated and a new transaction is published that includes the Basic Output as input and the newly generated Alias Output as output as well as a Basic Output which contains the remaining IOTA coins.
```
